#The ESP8266 Kegerator Project – 
Apologies, I've not done prettyprinting in Git before - this looks like spew but should improve in the fullness of time.
Until then, if you are interested in a $2 part sending IoT events to the AWS cloud natively with "zero wire" configuration, then look at the word doc in the Docs folder - I can't be bothered to master Markdown when there are so many other cool things to learn.

##Making native calls to AWS with a $3 Arduino-compatible wireless SOC module from Espressif
###What it does -
When beer is poured, this project posts a JSON “beer event” message to an AWS SNS topic.  If the module can’t connect to the last stored wireless network, it turns into an AP itself (“Confused Kegerator needs love”, no wireless PW) and starts a simple web server.  If you log into the web server (configured at 192.168.4.1), you can provide all the configuration info required to get online and post to an AWS SNS topic.  If beer isn’t your thing, you could instead log the temperature of your pool, the humidity of your toolbox or when the mailman opens your mailbox to an SNS topic (which can send you an email, SNS, poke a Lambda function, feed an SQS queue, etc…..  once in the cloud you can do ANYTHING with the data).
This project intent was to demonstrate a simple, cheap wireless device supporting an IoT application (logging when beer is dispensed from a kegerator) by making native calls to the AWS platform.  The actual function (waiting for pulses from flow meters and counting them) was trivial, wrapping “zero wire” wireless  configuring and the requirements to call AWS directly is responsible for most of the code.

Stripping out the “kegerator beer flow component”, this code allows arbitrary JSON objects to be posted to an SNS topic on AWS using HTTP with a $3 wireless module that uses little power unless transmitting (200mA needed for TX).  Anything you can measure, you can log to an SNS topic (which can then send you an SNS notification, feed to a SQS queue, an HTTP endpoint, mobile app push notification, etc.).  I hope that others take  this code base and do some awesome things with it.
The Code – The code is written for readability and to make the process of making a signed request on AWS as easy to follow as possible.  This means that there are WAY more Strings used than needed, and significant RAM/heap/stack savings are available with some more efficient coding.  The code also allows you to “bake in” wireless passwords and AWS credentials which is a BAD idea.  I found this useful in debugging the EEPROM config save/restore and web server module, but hardcoding secrets and credentials in sourcecode is a great way to get yourself hacked – be warned.   The credentials that you see published are bogus.
